Committed 20250130-yarafie-massive-update (#677)
EPMatt/awesome-ha-blueprints: website/docs/importing-a-blueprint.mdx

## Option 1: My Home Assistant

> If you're running Home Assistant Core 2024.10 or later, you can import blueprints via [My Home Assistant](https://www.home-assistant.io/integrations/my/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're running Home Assistant Core 2021.3 or later, you can import blueprints via [My Home Assistant](https://www.home-assistant.io/integrations/my/).
```

same here. this refers to the Import blueprint feature with the My Home Assistant button
